Hi friends
In this video we are going to learn about Constants in C
So the C programming language
allows us to define constant values in the programme
For Example
We can define pie equal to 3.14 so a constant
is actually  a variable but it's value cannot be modified
Now let's see the syntax so we can use the
key word const to
all the data types to define a constant so we
can write const datatype variable name = value
Now let's see some examples to define integer
constant i with value
10 we can write const int i =10. To define
a character constant c with value a We can write
const char c = 'a' to define a float constant f
with value 1.414  we can write
const float f= 1.414
so for these constants i, c and f we cannot alter
the values
See an example we have int i= 10 So
integer variable i = 10 is defined
Now we are trying to set i=100
Now what will happen? There are no issues since i is
just a variable. It is allowed to modify them. now
we have const int i=10
So an integer constant i=10 is defined
Now we are trying to set i=100
Now what will happen? since i is a constant, it is
not possible to alter its value. so this error will
be generated
So that's all and thank you for watching this video